# Anonymous Messenger
## Encrypted communication software with trustless technology (military security level)
We exacerbated the level of security by eliminating the backend: There is no backend that manages accounts, since there is no backend, ackers cannot enter a server that does not exist! Accounts are client-side only, just like for Bitcoin the account is a private key generated by a passphrase which is kept securely on the client side (the project derives from the Bitcoin project library and inherits its fundamental concepts).

Our mission is to exacerbate the concept of security in messaging and create something conceptually new and innovative from a technical point of view. Top-level encrypted communication (there is no backend , there is no server-side contact list, there is no server but a simple router, the theory is that if the server does not exist then the server cannot be hacked, the communication is anonymous, the IDs are derived from a hash of the public keys, therefore in no case it is possible to trace who originates the messages, the encryption key is changed for each single message, and a system of digital signatures guarantees the origin of the messages and prevents attacks "men in de middle"). We use different concepts introduced with Bitcoin technology and the library itself: there are no accounts, the account is simply a pair of public and private keys, groups are also supported, the group ID is derived from a hash computed through the public keys of the members, since the hash process is irreversible, the level of anonymity is maximum). The publication of the source wants to demonstrate the genuineness of the concepts we have adopted! Thanks for your attention!

A peculiarity of this software, being the low-level messaging libraries the same as our private cloud platform, companies and individuals can use the cloud software router to pass messages between users, creating an internal private messaging circuit, in the which nothing between hosts and external datacenters, as for example instead happens with telegram and whatapp. In any case, everything has been engineered so as not to make it feasible to implement backdoors by us who manage the data communication infrastructure.

It is a project composed of several layers to create a complete messaging software, which can represent the maximum in security and privacy, for this purpose see the technical documentation and the description of the underlying libraries.
The project includes several software layers which technically consist of multi-platform libraries (Linux, Android, iOS, and Windows).
In the lowest state we have the CommunicationChannel Library, a socket-type communication protocol that has sophisticated mechanisms that recover communication even in the case of mobile users where the phone can unexpectedly change the IP and cell to which it is connected, and in the libraries there's also a sophisticated packet spooler and everything needed to re-establish the precarious connection. Technically the CommunicationClannel can be replaced with other compatible ones that instead of the internet connection use the GSM modem network, or serial transmission or other means of communication, in order to use the messaging software with different hardware means of data communication.
At a slightly higher level we have the EncryptedMessaging, the low-level binary encrypted communication library that deals with the encrypted sending of packets, the management of contacts and everything needed to create a complete and sophisticated security-oriented messaging software information technology, the only thing missing is the graphical interface that will have to be created by the designers in order to customize the user experience according to one's needs. The idea behind this library was to create an encrypted binary messaging platform useful for any need and functioning in any circumstance and on any data transmission medium by replacing the CommunicationClannel which deals with the physical transmission of the packets. The EncryptedMessaging library is so universal that in addition to being used for encrypted communication software, we have also used it as a cloud underlying system for synchronizing data between clients and servers.
Finally, at the top level we have the multi-platform messaging interface (Android, Linux, iOS, Windows), which in fact is only a graphical interface that allows the user to interact with the software, and developers to create a messaging completely customized in terms of graphics and ergonomics.
Messaging software also has crypto wallet functions, and other experimental stuff.

[The software is based on an encrypted socket communication engine derived from bitcoin technology, of which you will find the technical specifications of the protocol here:](https://www.fuget.org/packages/SecureStorage/)

**Important:** [Any projects missing from the solution can be found here](https://github.com/Andrea-Bruno?tab=repositories), or you can replace the missing projects with the related Nuget package.

This project also includes a Bitcoin Wallet, Ethereum, token management on the Ethereum network, NFT, integrated with the messaging app, to activate these projects at startup you need to use the DEBUG_RAM startup mode.

The project also includes the foundation for a decentralized social platform (launching as DEBUG_AND).

This project has three open source dependencies for security and functionality. These dependencies are implemented here in the form of Nuget packages, and here are the sources on GitHub (you can replace the nuget packages with the source projects if you want):

* [Secure storage](https://github.com/Andrea-Bruno/SecureStorage) it is a powerful data safe, the cryptographic keys and data that would allow the software to be attacked are kept with this tool.

* [Encrypted messaging](https://github.com/Andrea-Bruno/EncryptedMessaging) it is a powerful low-level cryptographic protocol, of the Trustless type, which manages communication, groups and contacts (this software will never access your address book, this library is the heart of the application).

* [Communication channel](https://github.com/Andrea-Bruno/EncryptedMessaging/tree/master/CommunicationChannel) is the low-level socket communication protocol underlying encrypted communication.

The reasons that led to this project with dontnet is that it is an open source development environment, and effective security is achieved only by being able to inspect all parts of the code, including the development framework.
* [.NET is open source](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/en-us/platform/open-source)

Our target is very linux oriented, and the partnership between Microsoft and Canonical ensure the highest standard of security and reliability.

* [Microsoft and Canonical: partnering for security](https://ubuntu.com/blog/install-dotnet-on-ubuntu)

* [Red Hat works with Microsoft to ensure new major versions and service releases are available in tandem with Microsoft releases](https://developers.redhat.com/products/dotnet/overview)

Friendly projects for which we underline the importance of maintaining computer privacy:

* [DuckDuckGo (DDG)](https://duckduckgo.com/) is an internet search engine that emphasizes protecting searchers' privacy and avoiding the filter bubble of personalized search results.

* [The tor project](https://www.torproject.org/): is a Seattle-based 501 nonprofit organization founded by computer scientists Roger Dingledine, Nick Mathewson, and five others. The Tor Project is primarily responsible for maintaining software for the Tor anonymity network. 

* [Kali Linux](https://www.kali.org/): is a Debian-derived Linux distribution designed for digital forensics and penetration testing. It is maintained and funded by Offensive Security.

* [LineageOS](https://lineageos.org/): is an Android-based operating system for smartphones, tablet computers, and set-top boxes, with mostly free and open-source software.
